Write mvp (#37)
SW814F20/Report: report/MVP/MVP.tex

This chapter will talk about what our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is, and we will in the following chapters go though how we have developed this MVP.

\section{What is our MVP?}
A MVP is a piece of product, that gives some sort of value, with the least amount of work went into it.
It will not have many advanced features, but will just showcase the basic functionalities of the product, so the product can be tested, and futher developemnt can be based upon the test, to get all of the wanted features.
This will give the customer an idea of how good the product will be, and may also give some early signs to the success of the product. 
If the product fails, not much time is lost, because of the amount of time working on it. \cite{whatIsMVP}

With this in mind, our MVP will have the following features:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Create a new task
    \item Create a new screen
    \item Create a new application
    \item Be able to log in and see all of the user projects
    \item Edit a screen 

>     \item The app should communicate with GitHub, meaning create a new repository and create new issues, which the developers will use.
>     \item Have a testing module, that can automatically create tests

Author: ```suggestion
    \item The app should communicate with GitHub, meaning create a new repository and create new issues, which the developers will understand how to handle
    \item Have a testing module, that can automatically create tests, which the developers can run, to see if they have solved the issue or not
```

    \item The customer should be able to see the status of each issue, via a Kanban board in the application

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: Måske en hurtig outro kunne være fint, men ellers er jeg godt tilfreds

Author: Added one

This chapter will talk about what our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is, and we will in the following chapters go though how we have developed this MVP.

\section{What is our MVP?}

> An MVP is a piece of product, that gives some sort of value, with the least amount of work went into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A MVP is a piece of product, that gives some sort of value, with the least amount of work went into it.
```

Reviewer: Men er det korrekt?
Det kan vel også bare være den del af en løsning en kunde kan give feedback på. Så tidligt som muligt.

Author: I følge den kilde jeg fandt, så er en MVP et stykke produkt, som giver en form for value eller validate, som kræver det mindst muligt arbejde.

> It will not have many advanced features, but just showcase the basic functionalities, so the product can be tested, and further be worked on, to get all of the wanted features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will not have many advanced features, but will just showcase the basic functionalities of the product, so the product can be tested, and further futher developemnt can be based upon the test, to get all of the wanted features.
```

Author: Fandt en lille fejl i din :) 
```suggestion
It will not have many advanced features, but will just showcase the basic functionalities of the product, so the product can be tested, and futher developemnt can be based upon the test, to get all of the wanted features.
```

> This will give some sort of idea of how good the product will be, and if the product fails, not much time is lost, because of the amount of time working on it. \cite{whatIsMVP}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will give the costumer an idea of how good the product will be, and may also give some early signs to the success of the product. 
If the product fails, not much time is lost, because of the amount of time working on it. \cite{whatIsMVP}
```

Author: ```suggestion
This will give the customer an idea of how good the product will be, and may also give some early signs to the success of the product. 
If the product fails, not much time is lost, because of the amount of time working on it. \cite{whatIsMVP}
```

With this in mind, our MVP will have the following features:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Create a new task
    \item Create a new screen
    \item Create a new application
    \item Be able to log in and see all of the user projects
    \item Edit a screen 
    \item The app should communicate with GitHub, meaning create a new repository and create new issues
    \item Have a testing module, that can automatically create tests
    \item The customer should be able to see the status of each issue, via a Kanban board in the application
\end{itemize}

> We want to have a product, where the user can log into the system, and can create new tasks, and can create or modify a screen, which in turn, will generate issues on GitHub, which the developer knows how to handle, and they can use whatever flow they want.

Reviewer: Jeg er ikke helt sikker på opsætningen af denne sætning.

Author: Kan du uddybe det lidt? Lidt usikker på hvad der skal laves om.

Lastly, when the developers want to know if they have solved the issue or not, they will use our testing module, that will generate the tests for a given screen, and will translate them into Flutter, that the developers can run. The reason for Flutter, can be seen in~\autoref{sec:combiningtheparts} 

> If all tests are green, meaning that they did not fail, then the developers have solved the specific issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all tests are green, meaning that they did not fail, the developers will know that they have solved the specific issue and that their implementation has not broken any of the other tests already in the system.
```

This chapter will talk about what our Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is, and we will in the following chapters go though how we have developed this MVP.

\section{What is our MVP?}
A MVP is a piece of product, that gives some sort of value, with the least amount of work went into it.
It will not have many advanced features, but will just showcase the basic functionalities of the product, so the product can be tested, and futher developemnt can be based upon the test, to get all of the wanted features.
This will give the customer an idea of how good the product will be, and may also give some early signs to the success of the product. 
If the product fails, not much time is lost, because of the amount of time working on it. \cite{whatIsMVP}

With this in mind, our MVP will have the following features:

\begin{itemize}
    \item Create a new task
    \item Create a new screen
    \item Create a new application
    \item Be able to log in and see all of the user projects
    \item Edit a screen 

>     \item The app should communicate with GitHub, meaning create a new repository and create new issues

Author: ```suggestion
    \item The app should communicate with GitHub, meaning create a new repository and create new issues, which the developers will use.
```

    \item Have a testing module, that can automatically create tests
    \item The customer should be able to see the status of each issue, via a Kanban board in the application
\end{itemize}

> We want to have a product, where the user can log into the system, and can create new tasks, and can create or modify a screen, which in turn, will generate issues on GitHub, which the developer knows how to handle, and they can use whatever flow they want.
> Lastly, when the developers want to know if they have solved the issue or not, they will use our testing module, that will generate the tests for a given screen, and will translate them into Flutter, that the developers can run. The reason for Flutter, can be seen in~\autoref{sec:combiningtheparts} 
> If all tests are green, meaning that they did not fail, the developers will know that they have solved the specific issue and that their implementation has not broken any of the other tests already in the system.

Author: ```suggestion
```
